Add /logs API to security checklist (#38874)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/security-checklist.md

[some Linux distributions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux#Implementations).
{{< /note >}}

## Logs and auditing

- [ ] Audit logs, if enabled, are protected from general access

> - [ ] The `/logs` API is disabled (kube-apiserver runs with `--enable-logs-handler=false`)

Reviewer: This may be a nit, but I quite like the phrasing on the message that it is disabled by default and you'll need to set the flag to true to enable it. I think it sounds more idiomatic and clarifies the point better.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] The `/logs` API is disabled (you are running kube-apiserver with
  `--enable-logs-handler=false` and not the default setting where it is enabled).
```

Author: How's this?

Reviewer: SGTM, thanks!

[some Linux distributions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux#Implementations).
{{< /note >}}

## Logs and auditing

> - [ ] Audit logs, if enabled, are protected from general access

Reviewer 2: nit: Use a period at the end of sentence

Is there a question about the wording of the second item or why the second item belongs in the checklist?
I found the wording somewhat unclear. How could you improve or clarify the second item?

The `/logs` API is disabled (you are running kube-apiserver with
  `--enable-logs-handler=false` and not the default setting where it is enabled).

Author: I reworded, how's this?

- [ ] The `/logs` API is disabled (you are running kube-apiserver with

>   `--enable-logs-handler=false` and not the default setting where it is enabled).

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure I agree this is necessary to disable unconditionally. If the API server is running in a container such that the only log available is its own, allowing access to it via this API could be reasonable (and may actually be the most scoped way to make that available)

Reviewer 3: I'm in favor of defaulting the endpoint off (as https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/110738 does), but I wouldn't take issue with someone re-enabling it to expose only the apiserver log in a containerized environment

Author: The default is for the `/logs` part of the API to be enabled.

We (Kubernetes project) don't mind if people leave it enabled; the checklist is a set of sensible basic ideas, and not a formal standard. The idea is that someone who follows this checklist ends up with a reasonably well secured cluster. 

As it's a deprecated endpoint, asking people to turn it off feels reasonable. We still support its use but don't recommend that people do: [deprecation](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/deprecation) means asking people to stop doing it.

Given the starting text
> This checklist aims at providing a basic list of guidance with links to more comprehensive documentation on each topic. It does not claim to be exhaustive and is meant to evolve.

then this might need to wait on https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/38870 so that we have something to link to.

Author: What advice should we state for the security checklist?

[some Linux distributions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux#Implementations).
{{< /note >}}

## Logs and auditing

- [ ] Audit logs, if enabled, are protected from general access.
- [ ] The `/logs` API is disabled (you are running kube-apiserver with
  `--enable-logs-handler=false`).

>   Kubernetes includes a deprecated `/logs` API endpoint, enabled by default,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Kubernetes includes a `/logs` API endpoint, enabled by default,
```

Author: (I think) this is because we might undeprecate the endpoint.

Reviewer 3: yeah, possibly

>   that lets users request API server logs over HTTP. Accessing that endpoint

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  that lets users request the contents of the /var/log directory over HTTP. Accessing that endpoint
```

Author: Is this right?
```suggestion
  that lets users request the contents of the API server's `/var/log` directory over HTTP. Accessing
  that endpoint
```

**Aside**: we should perhaps clarify - elsewhere in the docs - that the content you receive depends on which API server you talk to, and what mechanism your cluster uses to distribute client requests between different API server replicas. At least, I think that's true.

Reviewer 3: yeah, it's the content of `/var/log` as seen by the API server handling the request

  requires authentication.

Allowing broad access to Kubernetes logs can make security information
available to a potential attacker.

As a good practice, set up a separate means to collect and aggregate

> control plane logs, and do not use the deprecated `/logs` API endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
control plane logs, and do not use the `/logs` API endpoint.
```

Alternatively, if you run your control plane with the `/logs` API endpoint

> enabled,  configure authorization rules that restrict access appropriately.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
enabled, configure authorization rules that restrict access appropriately,
and limit the content of /var/log to Kubernetes API server logs.
```

Reviewer 3: yeah, though maybe make it singular "within the host or container" to match the singular "where the API server is running"?
